hello it's binky from Made in Chelsea
and welcome back to another episode of
binky's boutique I think it's so
important to look after your hands to
always having perfectly painted nails
this week I'm going to show you some my
favorite hand and nail products the
first up we're going to have this beauty
secrets cuticle oil and I just squeeze
the little pump at the top then you just
put out nuclear tools like say and just
rub it in like that smells really great
this was like marzipan this just softens
the skin of the nail beds keeping your
nails moisturize and really good
condition so I'll just pop that on leave
it just rub it in a little bit then
leave it and then live it to work its
magic now I'm very excited this is the
binky London autumn winter nail color
range is called oil slick and these
colors are viewed they're really
metallic they are quite fun the cut if
it catches different light they've
changed it for color and yeah they go
with everything these are really cool
evening colors the cause I've got here
are blue red kind of perfectly green a
lighter blue and butter does change
color as you move it so definitely keep
an eye out for pink London it's now
range these are becoming up soon this is
a deal gel coats and this is really good
for pure top of the color and children
it kind of makes it a block of shellac
feel polished and it also helps prevent
the paint from chipping away so that's
for really good little purchase to get
it gives their professional furtive
Norma gets if you went to an l bar but
you can do it at home so it's all good
this is the bare minerals purely
moisturizing cream you can use it on
your face but I'm gonna be using on my
hands smells really good quite it's not
too greasy it's quite a thick formula i
often use this from my hand has been
quite dry over winter like i said it's
not too greasy so
I didn't really like using my strategy
my heart that's a real nice fun now this
is a how can we keep keeping your
handbags it stays small and cute this is
a la putain hand cream and put rose
petals you also get different flavors
this is my favorite this smells like
rose petals and it is very moisturizing
again not too greasy get is perfect for
winter it's going to share butter
formula which I absolutely love so good
clashes if you like this video and you
want to see me do more favorites videos
and give this video a thumbs up all of
the products i've featured you can get
an essential dot-com apart from the
narrow range that will be out of my
website very soon a for next will also
be in the description box below to
dinner next Friday where i'll be showing
you what's in my autumn handbag bye